# R Validation Hub Communications WS Minutes

📅 Date of Meeting: April 10th, 2024

## 🗒️ Meeting Notes

**Outreach Update(s)**

-   Big Pharma companies tend to be absent from R Consortium when they should be

    -   Important to have them join if they are not already during our outreach efforts

**Website Update(s)**

-   Guide in progress to help lay out best practices for editing/updating website

-   Case Studies and News sections are now nested within a larger folder (now called "Posts" and not "Blogs" so that posts can be searchable, categorized, and contain tags as desired)

-   Reorganize "Presentations" page, organizing by conference and then chronologically

-   "Page/Content Under Construction" images on three pages (glossary, accomplishments, looking forward) and to be updated at a later time

    -   Roadmap-related page to be updated based on feedback from strategy workstream and/or other workstreams to gauge their past accomplishments and future goals

    -   Glossary page to be sorted out between Jaxon and Anuja for what we wish to include

-   Meeting set up for Tuesday, April 16th to demonstrate adding new posts to website and other basic edits so that team can finalize site for Case Studies part

**Case Studies Update(s)**

-   N/A

**Community Meeting Update(s)**

-   Anuja attended the executive meeting on April 9th

    -   The May community meeting was originally intended to be Novartis presenting their analysis of comparing package versions and risk category change but will now be about barriers to open-source usage and the ability to open issues, submit bugs privately/publicly, etc.

        -   Conduct a poll with structured questions to ask people what their perceived barriers to open-source packages are; live poll during the meeting (in breakout rooms potentially)

        -   Original topic to be moved to August now

**AoB**

-   For future executive meetings, we will all alternate (Anuja-\>Jaxon--\>Antal) to assist in making the team more "flat"

## 🕰️ Action Item(s)

-   [ ]
