# R Validation Hub Communications WS Minutes

📅 Date of Meeting: August 14th, 2024

## 🗒️ Meeting Notes

**Outreach Update(s)**

-  N/A  

**Website Update(s)**

- Anuja aproved PR for the presentations list to go live on website
- Jaxon working with Joe on R Consortium pieces in website to make it more prominent; PR and issue began for this 

**Case Studies Update(s)**

- N/A

**Community Meeting Update(s)**

- Reminder email to go out Thursday, August 15th for meeting for people to be able to plan schedule for next week around it
- Considerations of meeting time being 10AM PST/1PM EST in the future; discussed that lunch is usually nice for non-work meetings like this anyways; will ask during audience poll at meeting
- Slides complete and ready for executive committee members' review
- Jaxon emailed Brid with more polished agenda; intro, her presentation, Q&A, and breakout rooms for people to discuss their own experiences in gauging risk of new package versions

**AoB**

- Executive committee meeting updates: Aaron creating blog post about validated package list from companies
